# The Supplementary Materials for Online contains five files:
## File "Supplementary Materials for Online_S1.txt": the complete HFGAE corpus, i.e., a corpus of 500 literature abstracts of follicle-growth-related entity tags. The labeled entities include but are not limited to "hair follicle", "hair follicle growth", "hair follicle development", "hair follicle cycle", and "hair follicle regeneration", and the data labeling and annotation tool "Label Studio" was used for entity annotation. The labels were predefined during the annotation process. The "start" of the follicle growth related entities was labeled as "B-Follicle", while the internal labeling of the follicle growth related entities was labeled as "I-Follicle". All other tokens that do not describe the entity of interest are labeled "O".
## File "Supplementary Materials for Online_S2.txt": the complete HFGER corpus, i.e., a corpus of gene-hair follicle entity relationship tokens from 500 literature abstracts. Entities related to each other are labeled as "1", otherwise they are labeled as "0".
## File "Supplementary Materials for Online_S3.txt": dictionary of follicle growth related entities.
## File "Supplementary Materials for Online_S4.txt": the final HFGAG dataset (the trained HFNER-FCF and HFGRE-MFM models are applied to the 2000 unlabeled articles obtained from the PubMed database). (the results were obtained by applying the trained HFNER-FCF and HFGRE-MFM models to 2000 unlabeled hair follicle-related papers obtained from the PubMed database). The 429 hair follicle growth-related genes mined from the untagged literature constituted the HFGAG dataset, which included, but was not limited to, 52 genes associated with hair Follicle growth, 34 genes acting on the hair Follicle cycle, 23 genes associated with hair Follicle development, and 14 genes associated with hair Follicle regeneration.
## File "Supplementary Materials for Online_S5.txt": information of 10 genes randomly selected from the HFGAG dataset to verify the validity of the HFGAG dataset.


